chore(curriculum): Wrap strings in quotes in Learn Recursion by Building a Decimal to Binary Converter (#55126)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-recursion-by-building-a-decimal-to-binary-converter/645cd2b76488fd6cb8d1ae79.md

Then the function `b()` executes and evaluates to `"is " + "awesome!"`.

> Update your mock call to `b()` so it looks like this: ``` `b(): returns "is " + "awesome!"` ```.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update your mock call to `b()` so it looks like this: `"b(): returns 'is ' + 'awesome!'"`.
```

assert.isTrue(callStack.every((element) => typeof element === "string"));
```

> The final element in `callStack` should be the string ``` `b(): returns "is " + "awesome!"` ```.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The final element in `callStack` should be the string `"b(): returns 'is ' + 'awesome!'"`.
```
